refactor: replace `chalk` and `multimatch` (#180)
prettier/pretty-quick: .changeset/two-beds-collect.md

---
'pretty-quick': patch
---

> Replaces `chalk` and `multimatch` with their lightweight and performant alternative.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
refactor: replace `chalk` and `multimatch` with their lightweight and performant alternatives
```
